feat: update entity provider schedulers (#827)
janus-idp/backstage-plugins: plugins/ocm/README.md

1. Import the cluster `Resource` entity provider into the `catalog` plugin in the `packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts` file. The scheduler also needs to be configured. Two configurations are possible here:

>    - **Method 1**: Configure the scheduler inside the `app-config.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - * Configure the scheduler inside the `app-config.yaml` file:
```

Author: Same as [above](https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-plugins/pull/827#discussion_r1352722633)

           env:
             # ...
             # highlight-add-start
             schedule: # optional; same options as in TaskScheduleDefinition
               # supports cron, ISO duration, "human duration" as used in code
               frequency: { minutes: 1 }
               # supports ISO duration, "human duration" as used in code
               timeout: { minutes: 1 }
             # highlight-add-end
     ```

     Then use the configured scheduler by adding the following to the `packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts`:

     ```ts title="packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts"
     /* highlight-add-next-line */
     import { ManagedClusterProvider } from '@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-ocm-backend';

     export default async function createPlugin(
       env: PluginEnvironment,
     ): Promise<Router> {
       const builder = await CatalogBuilder.create(env);
       // ...
       /* highlight-add-start */
       const ocm = ManagedClusterProvider.fromConfig(env.config, {
         logger: env.logger,
         scheduler: env.scheduler,
       });
       builder.addEntityProvider(ocm);
       /* highlight-add-start */
       // ...
     }
     ```

     ***

     **NOTE**

>      If any changes to the schedule in the `app-config.yaml` are made, a restart of the backend is necessary to apply the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     If you have made any changes to the schedule in the `app-config.yaml` file, then restart to apply the changes.
```

     ***

>    - **Method 2**: Add a schedule directly inside the `packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Add a schedule directly inside the `packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts` file:
```

Author: Same as [above](https://github.com/janus-idp/backstage-plugins/pull/827#discussion_r1352722633)

Reviewer: Please see my previous comment.

     ```ts title="packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts"
     /* highlight-add-next-line */
     import { ManagedClusterProvider } from '@janus-idp/backstage-plugin-ocm-backend';

     export default async function createPlugin(
       env: PluginEnvironment,
     ): Promise<Router> {
       const builder = await CatalogBuilder.create(env);
       // ...
       /* highlight-add-start */
       const ocm = ManagedClusterProvider.fromConfig(env.config, {
         logger: env.logger,
         schedule: env.scheduler.createScheduledTaskRunner({
           frequency: { minutes: 1 },
           timeout: { minutes: 1 },
         }),
       });
       builder.addEntityProvider(ocm);
       /* highlight-add-start */
       // ...
     }
     ```

   - If both the `schedule` (hard-coded schedule) and `scheduler` (`app-config.yaml` schedule) option are provided in the `packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts`, the `scheduler` option takes precedence.

>      - If the schedule inside the `app-config.yaml` is not configured, then the `schedule` option is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - If the schedule inside the `app-config.yaml` file is not configured, then the `schedule` option is used.
```

1. Import the cluster `Resource` entity provider into the `catalog` plugin in the `packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts` file. The scheduler also needs to be configured. Two configurations are possible here:

>    - **Method 1**: If the scheduler is configured inside the `app-config.yaml` via the schedule config key shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Method 1**: If the scheduler is configured inside the `app-config.yaml` using the schedule config key as follows:
```
